have you noticed that the style of video
that keeps blowing up on YouTube right
now and if you've not you will do after
you've watched this video so recently I
noticed this pattern and went back to
look at my own channel and realized that
nearly every time I'd made one of these
videos they've done amazingly well too
and actually it occurred to me that if I
started YouTube again I'd seriously
consider just making this type of video
every time they're clearly in demand
they're way faster to make you can film
them on a webcam and if you're smart
about it they can blow you up on
multiple platforms at once these things
aren't just breaking YouTube they're
breaking the internet so today I'm going
to show you what this video is how to
make it what to avoid at all costs and
I'm gonna tell you a secret I'm not told
anyone this before it's something I do
to boost retention on them and some of
you might not be that happy about it so
what the heck is this video and why
should you seriously consider making it
to explain I need to suck some memories
out of my head and then I'm going to
play them back to you on this laptop
right here so that's me in 2021 sorry
about the old Twitter the old memory
download is not particularly accurate
anyway I was feeling really burnt out
and I was worried about taking a break
from posting videos in case people just
forgot who I was so I decided it on a
quick fix I need to make a video that
doesn't take very long I need to filler
video and that's what I did and it
performed absolutely rubbish
that's what happens when you don't spend
Along on a video baby anyway months
later I decided to try it again wow but
this time the video picked up 200 000
views really fast and I realized my dumb
mistake for the first time hang on a
second so I made another filler video
and that did okay and then another and
another and combined they picked up like
two million views you're a [__]
genius Eddie baby no one's more handsome
or smarter or funnier or taller than you
so before I reveal why this one failed
so badly and how to make this type of
video let me show you what this magic
views Beast is because I think it might
surprise you it's just a really simple
interview video this one has a million
views shot on a webcam this one 200 000
views from webcam and this is a more
recent one shot on a webcam what I love
about these filler videos is they prove
you don't need anything more than a
simple setup to get insane results so
long as you follow the rules and the
system I'm about to show you oh and by
the way if you're thinking well of
course there those blew up when you
interview someone famous it'll always do
better well don't think that because
rule number one is the reason my first
interview failed and will show you why
you don't need famous spaces for epic
results so let me explain this Golden
Rule on a scale of one to ten how
interested are you in listening to this
man all right what about now if I told
you that that man invented Nintendo how
interested are you when you make an
interview video and you don't talk to
someone who has a personal brand that is
instantly recognizable by a lot of your
target viewers all you need to do is
work out how to represent the most
interesting thing about them in the
thumbnail entitle to get the click now
it's got nothing against your guests but
naming them or even using their face and
the thumbnail could actually do more
damage and good because your viewers
won't understand who they are or what
value they have to offer that's why my
second filler interviewed is so much
better than the first because I didn't
mention the guest at all in the final
title but instead just focused on the
awesome thing they had achieved that
really appealed to My Views bringing us
on to the next Golden Rule and probably
the dumbest mistake I've ever made
producing an interview video because it
turned my simple edit into a 50 hour
math everything so a while ago I made
this interview with Joshua mayo and I
asked him to record his side of the
screen so I could have a multi-cam
feeling to the interview and he sent me
files that look like this so what
happened was he recorded me on his
computer and I recorded me which meant
most of the video clips I ended up
getting were tiny little screens of
Joshua that you can't blow up because
they'll lose all their quality that
meant I had to find a way to save this
interview and it took me 50 hours in the
edit to do that so the Golden Rule here
is if you were shooting an interview and
you wanted to be high quality just use
Riverside this is software that records
your camera and theirs and it records
what's on screen and it uploads
everything separately to the cloud what
you end up with is multiple files that
you can then edit separately which will
just give you so many more options in
the edit to level up your interview but
not only that it doesn't downgrade the
footage quality so you can get 4k but
also if your connection drops during the
interview it doesn't matter your guest
footage keeps getting uploaded since
I've discovered this I've not stopped
using it at any of my interviews and it
would have enabled me to blow up this
interview on other platforms which I'll
show you how to do later on so check out
Riverside by clicking on the link in the
description you can sign up for free and
you can use the code filmbooth for 20
off anyway let's move on to the next
Golden Rule that pretty much everyone
who makes interview videos breaks and it
ruins the chance to their video
exploding now you're probably sick to
death of hearing this but if you don't
do your title and thumbnail first you
probably give your video 90 less of a
chance performing maybe even more but
when it comes to making an interview
video it's even more important for two
reasons firstly it's likely that you
might need to brag about your
participants achievements to get a click
so you need to make sure they're okay
with you bragging in the packaging the
other reason this is really important is
you need to tell the guests the title of
the interview so they can keep it in
mind when they answer their questions
this is going to enable them to be way
more targeted with the answers and it
will help them keep in line with the
reason that your viewer clicked in the
first place which should boost retention
and make you edit 10 times easier this
relates heavily to our third Rule and I
believe it's the reason this interview
got 1 million views because when I
reached out to Hayden probably one of
the world's most respected YouTube video
editors I said this hey man can I
interview you on the channel I mean yeah
just let's have any questions so I can
prepare don't worry it's just like a
casual chat we don't need any questions
no I have to prepare so I can give the
best answers possible oh you're such a
pain in the ass I know it's great okay
maybe I didn't say that but he was
totally right and I remember after that
interview thinking to myself that was
hands down some of the best information
on editing I've ever heard the way he
explained things was so perfect he'd
come up with a metaphor the night before
to explain an often really complex point
about quality versus quantity and
hundreds of people commented how it had
been a really big light bulb moment for
them so send your guest questions ask
them to repair let them know who your
target viewers are to and the big
problems and interests they have and
gently remind them hey Bozo this is a
filler video you're going to be in so
take it seriously put in the work and we
might get a million views together
bringing us on to the next rule which is
so important because people won't listen
to your guest if you mess it up and
secondly because it sets up the reason
for your viewers to want to watch all
the way to the end of the video and I am
of course talking about your intro and
sadly most people start with something
like this hey Dave great to have you on
oh thanks Steve how's the wife yeah
she's good how's your wife oh she left
me oh yeah I forgot about that sorry man
which is eye gougingly dull but what
should you do instead well to find out I
asked two people who I consider to write
the best intros for interviews on the
planet to reveal their top three intro
tips okay guys what's the golden rule
for writing an intro for an interview we
have two one we call the Slime we're
gonna hit you with a really piece of
valuable information that can
essentially make you go wait what and
then after that you have to convince the
audience why they should care about
whatever it is you're talking about you
have to give them a good reason to stay
and why it's important to their lives
the next Golden Rule for your viral
filler video interview is so often
ignored and it's gonna go against the
grain of what many others believe but
screw them this is my video so what the
heck I want that is because I believe
you should delete a lot here's why the
UK office ended forever after two
seasons and everyone was like I wish
there was more The Simpsons however
nobody's ever wished there were more
episodes of that for the last 15 years
probably that's how I think of
interviews make people wish there was
more and to do that you need to cut out
everything but the best answers so you
create that give me more feeling but
also the best guests in the world will
go off on tangents or give answers that
are weaker so do them your viewers and
yourself a favor and delete anything
that isn't Top Notch I mean you wouldn't
leave a section in your regular video
that you didn't think was that great
would you now I'm going to caveat this
and say this is my way of doing it other
people leave everything in which keeps
it more authentic but if you're like me
and you sprinkle interviews in on your
channel and your average video is only
about 10 minutes long a 60 Minute
interview might not be in line with your
viewers expectations although you can
test things out don't let me stop the
test first alright so remember earlier
when I said there was this thing that I
did to make an interview attention
higher that you might not like it's time
to reveal that thing don't get annoyed
at me okay I'm telling you for a good
reason so what tends to happen when you
interview people is they sometimes
answer a question you didn't really ask
because when you talk non-stop for like
an hour that just happens it kind of you
lose focus a bit and that's why in many
of the interviews I've made in the past
on film move the question you the viewer
sees me asked the guest is not actually
the question I asked they'll have said
something and I have thought to myself
wow that was such a great comment but
because they said it on a tangent and it
wasn't part of the original question I
asked it kind of makes the guests look
less slick and it can also confuse the
viewer so yeah I just reshoot myself
asking the question that sets up the
answer they actually gave now before we
look at the overwhelming process this
video style is probably the most
powerful in the world right now let's
address the big concern how the heck do
I get good guests on my channel because
that's really going to be key here well
the thing is good does not mean they
have millions of followers a good guest
is someone that gives amazing well
thought out answers so how'd you find
that well firstly just go and listen to
podcasts or watch interviews around
topics that your viewers will care about
and then make a hit list of people you
think did the best job for me the best
guess are the people who are fantastic
at explaining things in a really simple
way anyone can understand if when
listening to an interview you feel that
get them on your list and then once
you've found a few that tick those boxes
track down a contact email and write
some super intriguing headlines to it
something that's going to make them want
to open it then in the email just keep
things very brief do not write a book
thousands of words keep it as short as
you can tell them the potential title of
the video you want to run with bullet
point what you want to discuss and try
to focus on writing a brief that might
excite them to say yes you will be
surprised by how many top guests aren't
that interested in your following size
with the right brief and at the end of
the day you're doing all the work for
them they can share that content to
Their audience and still make sales and
build a following like that too now if
you're not sold on interviews yet then
this just has to be the ultimate
Clincher because I actually came across
a massive Trend getting interview videos
billions of views go on any short form
platform and you're going to notice that
clips from interviews are everywhere in
fact they're so flipping powerful people
are now producing fake interviews of
themselves and then uploading the Clips
in this style because it does so well
and I think that's because when you look
like you're being interviewed you look
more credible and people are more likely
to take notice of credible people so for
anyone who wants to grow a personal
brand like anywhere on the internet you
can get like 10 pieces of content from
one video in fact Riverside actually
make a transcript which you can then
search by words and then easily cut out
the clips to re-upload to show
Twitter interviews are the most
versatile video in the world they are
the Egg of the video Kingdom or a potato
what's more versatile so check out
Riverside by clicking on the link below
this video you can sign up for free and
you can get 20 off using the code of
film Booth the thing is though maybe
interviews won't work on your Channel or
you're just not that excited about
making them is there another kind of
video that could have such epic results
well yeah of course there is post this
video next to learn the simple system to
get faster and easier views